Rename application to release, fleet or app where appropriate (#33)
balena-io/debugging-masterclass: README.md

> Dashboard, and then selecting the 'Actions' tab in the left-hand sidepanel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dashboard, and then selecting the 'Settings' tab in the left-hand sidepanel.
```

> Scrolling down the Actions page will show a list of actions, with the 'Grant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scrolling down the Settings page will show a list of actions, with the 'Grant
```

this whole part is unnecessarily wordy - e.g. do we really need to say 'scrolling the page will show a list', but perhaps a change for another time!

Support Access' option being the one required here. A user can select this, then
determine the amount of time that support agents are allowed access for.

**Note:** It's also possible for a user to grant support to an entire
fleet by selecting the fleet's Dashboard page and going through

> the same process (selecting 'Actions' and then 'Grant Support Access'). Granting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same process (selecting 'Settings' and then 'Grant Support Access'). Granting
```

    was called `openvpn-resin.service`, but the method for inspecting and
    dealing with the service is the same.
* `balena.service` - The balenaEngine service, the modified Docker daemon fork
    that allows the management and running of service images,
    containers, volumes and networking.
* `balena-supervisor.service` - The balena Supervisor service, responsible for
    the management of releases, including downloading updates for and
    self-healing (via monitoring) of those release services, variables (

>     device/fleet) and exposure of these services to apps via an endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    device/fleet) and exposure of these services to containers via an API endpoint.
```

To alleviate this, balenaOS allows persistent journals (logs) to be enabled by
customers. The easiest way to achieve this is to go the the Dashboard URL for

> the fleet or device in question, select 'Configuration' or 'Device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the fleet or device in question, select '
```

Likelihood is we can drop the word 'device' from this menu option soon, and I think this is clear either way anyway.

> Configuration' respectively, and then select 'Activate' on 'Enable persistent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration', and then select 'Activate' on 'Enable persistent
```

Jan 13 11:05:20 dee2945 e374bbb9ddd4[765]: [1B blob data]
```

> If you're not examining the app's services then this output is fine, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not examining services then this output is fine, but
```

```

Your device should be connected, bring up the Dashboard page for the device.

> It should be 'Online' and running the pushed release code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be 'Online' and running the appropriate release.
```

SSH access, public URLs etc.

Initially, the `os-config.service` unit requests a block of configuration data

> from the API, once the device has been registered against the fleet. Let's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the API, once the device has joined the fleet. Let's
```

issue. A couple of examples
of issues which are misattributed to :

> * Failure to download release service updates - usually because there is an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Failure to download new releases - usually because there is an
```

A media partition that is full can cause issues such as the following:

> * Failure to download release updates, or failure to start new/updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Failure to download new releases, or failure to start new/updated
```
